Add a Deprecated Notice (#39)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbasecapella: README.md

> ## ⛔ [DEPRECATED]: This repo has been deprecated and please refer to the latest repo: https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⛔ [UNSUPPORTED]: This repository is no longer maintained by Couchbase.  Please refer to https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella for latest supported version of Capella Terraform Provider
```

Author: done [4536abc](https://github.com/couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbasecapella/pull/39/commits/4536abca9026f37125e8056ad67bda21a004813f)
